README.md, before:

# AI Investor

AI Investor is an experimental project to explore whether artificial intelligence can make effective financial decisions. This project is not intended to be taken seriously for real-world investment purposes. It was created as a learning exercise to gain experience with Node.js.

## Purpose

- **Learning Node.js**: The primary goal of this project is to learn and experiment with Node.js.
- **Experimentation**: Test the capabilities of AI in analyzing financial data and making predictions.

## Frontend

The frontend of this project is minimal and was not the main focus. It was built primarily to provide basic interaction with the backend.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/WarriorKnight/AI-Investor.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd AI-Investor/backend/
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

1. Start the application:
   ```bash
   node backend/index.js
   ```
2. Access the frontend in your browser to interact with the application.

## Disclaimer

This project is purely for educational purposes and should not be used for actual financial decision-making.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository, create a branch, and submit a pull request.

Commit message:

Add OpenAI API cost information to README.md

README.md, after:

# AI Investor

AI Investor is an experimental project to explore whether artificial intelligence can make effective financial decisions. This project is not intended to be taken seriously for real-world investment purposes. It was created as a learning exercise to gain experience with Node.js.

## Purpose

- **Learning Node.js**: The primary goal of this project is to learn and experiment with Node.js.
- **Experimentation**: Test the capabilities of AI in analyzing financial data and making predictions.

## Frontend

The frontend of this project is minimal and was not the main focus. It was built primarily to provide basic interaction with the backend.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/WarriorKnight/AI-Investor.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd AI-Investor/backend/
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

1. Start the application:
   ```bash
   node backend/index.js
   ```
2. Access the frontend in your browser to interact with the application.

## OpenAI API Cost

Each analysis involves processing approximately 15,000 input tokens and generating around 3,000 output tokens. This results in an estimated cost of $0.01764 per analysis.


## Disclaimer

This project is purely for educational purposes and should not be used for actual financial decision-making.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository, create a branch, and submit a pull request.
